And you need to
stop blaming me
for your every mistake.
And Roman Pearce needs to
start taking responsibility
for his own actions.
You need to go to hell.
And you need to
go back to Barstow.
I'm not going back to Barstow.
Brian O'Conner, Roman Pearce,
meet Monica Fuentes.
Do they have background
on Verone?
They've been briefed.
Good.
All right,
here's the deal.
Verone's looking for drivers.
I've arranged for both of you
to join up.
I've also hired some thugs,
you know, to make it legit.
When do we start?
Right now.
What are we driving?
Don't even think about
taking the convertible.
It might
loosen your mousse.
That's cool.
That's too much
chrome for me anyways.
Damn! Where do you all
confiscate these rims
from, man?